feat(frontend): implement React-based frontend application (#77)
RMI/pbtar: README.md

docker compose up --detach --build
```

> The application will be accessible at http://localhost:3000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary web service (React) will be accessible at http://localhost:3000.

The API and API documentation (Swagger) will be accessible at http://localhost:80.
```
